[DO] FT + SRS GA Docs (#20938)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/durable-objects/2025-04-07-durable-objects-free-tier.mdx

---
title: Durable Objects on Workers Free plan
description: Durable Objects now available on Workers Free plan.
products:
  - durable-objects
  - workers 
date: 2025-04-07T06:00:00Z
---

Durable Objects can now be used with zero commitment on the [Workers Free plan](/workers/platform/pricing/) allowing you to build AI agents with [Agents SDK](/agents), collaboration tools, and real-time applications like chat or multiplayer games. 

> Durable Objects let you build stateful, serverless applications with millions of tiny coordination instances that run your application code alongside, in the same thread!, as your durable storage. Each Durable Object can access its own SQLite database through a [Storage API](/durable-objects/best-practices/access-durable-objects-storage/). A Durable Object class is defined in a Worker script encapulsating the Durable Object's behavior when accessed from a Worker. To try the code below, click the button: 

Author: ```suggestion
Durable Objects let you build stateful, serverless applications with millions of tiny coordination instances that run your application code alongside (in the same thread!) your durable storage. Each Durable Object can access its own SQLite database through a [Storage API](/durable-objects/best-practices/access-durable-objects-storage/). A Durable Object class is defined in a Worker script encapsulating the Durable Object's behavior when accessed from a Worker. To try the code below, click the button: 
```
